feat: new Aggressive Reporting settings (#344)
testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library: docs/migrating-to-v4-guide.md

const el = findByIcon('profile');
```

> There are 3 mechanisms then that can be aggressively reported: imports, renders, and queries. This new Aggressive Reporting feature will just work fine out of the box and won't create false positives for most of the users. However, it's possible to restrict or switch off these mechanisms using proper [Shared Settings](#shared-settings). We recommend you to keep reading this section to know more about these Aggressive Reporting mechanisms and then check the Shared Settings if you think you'd still need it for some particular reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 mechanisms that can be aggressively reported: imports, renders, and queries. This new Aggressive Reporting feature will work fine out of the box and won't create false positives for most of the users. However, it's possible to restrict or switch off these mechanisms using [Shared Settings](#shared-settings).  
We recommend you to keep reading this section to know more about these Aggressive Reporting mechanisms and afterwards check the Shared Settings if you think you'd still need them for some particular reason.
```

_You can find the motivation behind this behavior on [this issue comment](https://github.com/testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library/issues/222#issuecomment-679592434)._

### Imports

> By default, `eslint-plugin-testing-library` v4 won't check from which module are the utils imported. This means it doesn't matter if you are importing the utils from `@testing-library/*`, `test-utils` or `whatever`: they'll be assumed as Testing Library related if matching Testing Library utils patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `eslint-plugin-testing-library` v4 won't check from which module the utils are imported. This means it doesn't matter if you are importing the utils from `@testing-library/*`, `test-utils` or `whatever`: they'll be assumed as Testing Library related if matching Testing Library utils patterns.
```

> There is a Shared Setting property to restrict or switch off this mechanism though: [`utils-module`](#testing-libraryutils-module). By using this setting, only utils imported from `@testing-library/*` packages + the custom one indicated in this setting (if any) would be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a Shared Setting property to restrict or switch off this mechanism though: [`utils-module`](#testing-libraryutils-module). By using this setting, only utils imported from `@testing-library/*` packages + those indicated in this setting (if any) will be reported.
```

### Renders

By default, `eslint-plugin-testing-library` v4 will assume that all methods which names contain "render" should be reported. This means it doesn't matter if you are rendering your elements for testing using `render`, `customRender` or `renderWithRedux`.

> There is a Shared Setting property to restrict or switch off this mechanism though: [`custom-renders`](#testing-librarycustom-renders). By using this setting, only methods strictly named `render` + custom ones indicated in this setting (if any) would be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a Shared Setting property to restrict or switch off this mechanism though: [`custom-renders`](#testing-librarycustom-renders). By using this setting, only methods strictly named `render` + those indicated in this setting (if any) will be reported.
```

### Queries

`eslint-plugin-testing-library` v4 will assume that all methods named following the pattern `get(All)By*`, `query(All)By*`, or `find(All)By*` are queries to be reported. This means it doesn't matter if you are using a built-in query (`getByText`), or a custom one (`getByIcon`): if it matches this pattern, it will be assumed as a potential query to be reported.

> There is a Shared Setting property to restrict or switch off this mechanism though: [`custom-queries`](#testing-librarycustom-queries). By using this setting, only [built-in queries](https://testing-library.com/docs/queries/about) + custom ones indicated in this setting (if any) would be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a Shared Setting property to restrict or switch off this mechanism though: [`custom-queries`](#testing-librarycustom-queries). By using this setting, only [built-in queries](https://testing-library.com/docs/queries/about) + those indicated in this setting (if any) will be reported.
```

## Shared Settings

ESLint provides a way of configuring data that must be shared across all its rules: [Shared Settings](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring/configuration-files#adding-shared-settings). Since `eslint-plugin-testing-library` v4 we are using this Shared Settings to config global things for the plugin.

To avoid collision with settings from other ESLint plugins, all the properties for this one are prefixed with `testing-library/`.

⚠️ **Please be aware of using these settings will disable part of [Aggressive Reporting](#aggressive-reporting).**

### `testing-library/utils-module`

> Relates to [Aggressive Imports Reporting mechanism](#imports). This setting accepts any string value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relates to the [Aggressive Imports Reporting mechanism](#imports). This setting accepts any string value.
```

});
```

You can also set this setting to `"off"` to entirely opt-out Aggressive Imports Reporting mechanism, so only utils coming from Testing Library packages are reported.

```json
// .eslintrc
{
  "settings": {
    "testing-library/utils-module": "off"
  }
}
```

### `testing-library/custom-renders`

> Relates to [Aggressive Renders Reporting mechanism](#renders). This setting accepts an array of strings or `"off"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relates to the [Aggressive Renders Reporting mechanism](#renders). This setting accepts an array of strings or `"off"`.
```

  const invalidUsage = setupB(<Component />);
});
```

You can also set this setting to `"off"` to entirely opt-out Aggressive Renders Reporting mechanism, so only methods named `render` are reported as Testing Library render util.

```json
// .eslintrc
{
  "settings": {
    "testing-library/custom-renders": "off"
  }
}
```

### `testing-library/custom-queries`

> Relates to [Aggressive Queries Reporting mechanism](#queries). This setting accepts an array of strings or `"off"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relates to the [Aggressive Queries Reporting mechanism](#queries). This setting accepts an array of strings or `"off"`.
```

If you pass an array of strings to this option, it will represent a list of query names/variants that are the only valid Testing Library custom queries.

Each string passed to this list of custom queries can be:

- **pattern query (recommended)**: a custom query variant (suffix starting with "By") to be reported, so all query combinations around it are reported. For instance: `"ByIcon"` would report all `getByIcon()`, `getAllByIcon()`, `queryByIcon()` and `findByIcon()`.
- **strict query**: a specific custom query name to be reported, so only that very exact query would be reported but not any related variant. For instance: `"getByIcon"` would make the plugin to report `getByIcon()` but not `getAllByIcon()`, `queryByIcon()` or `findByIcon()`.

```json
// .eslintrc
{
  "settings": {
    "testing-library/custom-queries": ["ByIcon", "getByComplexText"]
  }
}
```

> Configuring this setting like that, you'll restrict the errors reported by the plugin related to the queries somehow to only those custom queries matching name or pattern from that list, or [built-in queries](https://testing-library.com/docs/queries/about). The previous setting example would cause:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring this setting like that, you'll restrict the errors reported by the plugin related to the queries to only those custom queries matching name or pattern from that list, or [built-in queries](https://testing-library.com/docs/queries/about). The previous setting example would cause:
```

Author: Thanks for all the grammar suggestions, better than Grammarly 😅
